Previously on
Dexter: Original Sin...
You killed two kids. Fuck you.
[Brandi]
Levi was with me that night,
all night.
Okay, Brandi, what day is today?
Tuesday.
[laughs] It's Thursday. Now
get the hell out of my sight.
[Deb]
At least when Mom was here,
I... I had someone.
We all got to find
a way to move on.
Going on double dates together?
My brother and my bestie?
Of course,
I'll have to bag
a boyfriend of my own.
Call me sometime.
[Deb]
Whoo!
Everything you do
goes through me first.
I haven't stopped thinking about
that boy all day.
Leave justice to the police.
It's not enough.
They call him Mad-Dog.
His file's
the size of a phone book.
Some say his body count
could be as high as 200.
[Harry]
This hunger, it needs a master.
One wrong move...
...it all falls apart.
[horn blaring]
[tires screeching]
[Dexter]
Shit.
♪ percussive music ♪
♪
[mosquito buzzing]
[knife sharpening]
♪
- [panting]
- [driver crying]
Oh, God! Oh, my... Somebody!
Somebody help!
Shit.
Oh! Please call 911!
[Dexter]
The average response time
for a 911 call involving
a death in 1991 Miami
was seven minutes.
The body had no wallet,
no ID, no face left.
Five minutes for a neighbor
to identify the victim,
another three to find the house.
Which meant
I only had 15 minutes
- to do a little cleanup.
- [watch beeps]
♪ "Live Wire" by Mötley Crüe ♪
- ♪ Plug me in... ♪
- Shit.
♪ Out on the streets again ♪
♪ Turn me on,
I'm too hot to stop ♪
♪ Something
you'll never forget ♪
[Dexter]
Okay, a lot of cleanup.
Shit.
♪ I'm on top tonight ♪
♪ No, no, you better
turn me loose ♪
♪ You better set me free ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm hot,
young, running free ♪
♪ A little bit
better than I used to be ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm alive ♪
♪ Live wire ♪
[Dexter]
Thanks to Miami Metro,
I had more than enough tools
to get the job done.
♪ 'Cause I'm alive ♪
♪ Live wire ♪
♪ I'm a live wire ♪
- ♪ Come on, baby... ♪
- [knocking]
Miami Metro PD!
♪ dramatic music ♪
Shit.
Just my luck.
Miami Metro was better
than average that night.
[knocking]
- Hello? Anyone home?
- [indistinct radio chatter]
♪
Nothing in here.
Wait.
Is that...
a Van Halen Signature Series?
[laughs]
That's da bomb.
[sighs] Come on.
[panting softly]
[chuckles]
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
[unlocking door]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Harry] So, how'd
everything go with Mad-Dog?
He'll never hurt anyone again.
Then why am I hearing
his name on my police radio?
Want to try again?
How did everything go
with Mad-Dog?
Everything went well.
But he woke up a little early,
and I just cut the ankle ropes
to get his pants off.
Why were you
taking his pants off?
Well, the plastic wrap clings
better to bare skin than--
When were you gonna tell me
- he got loose?
- Dad, it's fine.
You let a half-naked man
run screaming into the streets.
I'm imagining that
you were chasing after him?
No one saw me,
and Mad-Dog's dead.
What if he hadn't died?
He could have ID'd you.
But he did die. This doesn't
have to be a big deal.
It is a big fucking deal.
Do you understand?
There are uniformed
police officers
searching his house right now.
If they find a sliver
of evidence of foul play,
this goes right to Homicide.
They're not gonna find anything.
I followed the Code.
The code you taught me.
This-this was an accident.
An accident means
you didn't think through
all the possibilities.
You have to be in control,
all right?
If he woke up early,
that is your fuckup.
It's your responsibility.
My fuckup was letting you
go after that nurse.
- It was too soon.
- What?
We rushed it
because of my condition.
I knew you weren't ready.
Clearly, you're still not.
You're going back to basics.
Training exercises only.
You are done
until I say otherwise.
- Dad, you can't--
- And you do not leave this house
until I make sure you haven't
fucked up anything else.
- Not even for work?
- No fucking chance.
[Dexter] It wasn't the first
time I'd been grounded,
just the first time as an adult.
♪ "I Want That Man"
by Deborah Harry ♪
♪
♪ I want a pair
of pink high heels ♪
♪ That catch the lights
up on the Ferris wheel ♪
♪ But what I really want,
I just can't buy ♪
♪ Here comes
the 21st century... ♪
Thanks for the ride.
When can I see you again?
- Soon, I hope.
- Tonight, I hope.
I've got plans with the team.
Let me know when you're free.
Oh, you know I will.
♪ I want that man ♪
Hey.
Harry. Wasn't expecting you.
- Do we have an appointment?
- No.
Sorry, I, uh, should've called.
I was in the neighborhood,
I thought I'd check on that body
that came in last night,
found in the road?
- Pedestrian fatality?
- That's the one.
Follow me.
Any surprises?
Just your classic case
of truck versus guy.
Well, looks like the truck won.
Yeah, doubt this
will end up in Homicide
unless there's
some sort of connection
between him and the driver.
♪ tense music ♪
[sighs]
[Dexter] Harry was the only
person who knew my true nature.
He still accepted me.
And I still needed him.
Unfortunately,
the way to win back his trust
was to do...
nothing.
[sighs]
I learned something
about myself that morning.
Death didn't feed
my Dark Passenger.
Killing did.
And I was still hungry.
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
[sighs]
[smacking lips]
♪ majestic music ♪
♪
[Zhu]
Sergeant Morgan, while searching
the Shapiro family's residence,
you stated on record
that you found an anomaly.
You said this remote
was on the coffee table
at the scene of the crime?
Correct, that's where
we found the fingerprint.
You're doing great, Detective.
[Spencer]
Elaine, don't go easy on him.
Reed's defense attorneys
sure as fuck won't.
You've been in court
with them before, right, Tanya?
Barnes cross-examined me
for that nightclub murder.
I wanted to punch him
in his smug-ass face.
[Bobby chuckles]
There was a bailiff there.
And, you know, professionalism.
You could've taken that bailiff.
In my sleep.
[Zhu]
Sergeant Morgan,
were these full fingerprints?
Uh, partial.
Did these partial fingerprints
yield any matches?
We identified
four persons of interest.
Uh, one in prison, one deceased.
The third didn't match
the evidence that Ms. Martin
and her team discovered
at the scene,
which left us with one suspect:
Mr. Levi Reed.
All right.
- I'm good if you are?
- [Spencer] Yeah.
Great job, Morgan. Okay.
Martin, your turn
in the hot seat.
♪ somber music ♪
♪
[chuckles]
Whoa. Great work, Laura.
Looks like you had
a hell of a day.
[door closes]
The Colombians
are starting to trust me.
[chuckles]
Yeah?
One of them even invited me
to a weekend in the Keys.
Well, you don't want to do that.
Why? Because it's dangerous
or because you're jealous?
Jealous. I love the Keys.
Meh. Overrated.
I'm more of an Orlando girl.
Oh, I really want to take
the boys to that Disney park
I keep hearing about.
Well, I'm sure they'd love that.
[scoffs]
You're going?
It's late. I should probably
get out of your hair.
I-I just thought,
after the other night,
- you might want to stay.
- [sighs]
So, what happened
the other night,
it was great, but...
it can't happen again.
You're my CI, and I'm married.
Yeah, you're right.
We, uh, got caught up
in the moment.
Yeah, took it too far.
♪ somber music ♪
[tongue clicks]
So...
Yeah, it's settled.
Fuck.
[both moaning]
[Mikey over TV]
Park. Pa... we got to talk.
You met a girl.
A girl?
Park, this isn't just a girl.
- And get this...
- [chuckles]
...she likes me.
[Jerry] Do you want me to
find out her name, Mr. Randall?
I could look it up. I got
a friend of mine's brother--
[Mikey]
Oh, will you stop it already?
Hello, Debra.
"Debra"?
Why so formal?
Aren't you supposed to be
at the station right now?
Dad told me to stay home.
You do know that you're
a big boy who doesn't have
to listen to Daddy
anymore, right?
I guess.
Debra.
[stifled laugh]
"Deb-ra. Deb-ra."
- [laughs]
- "Debra." [laughs]
What the fuck?
- [snorts]
- You're acting so strange.
When you really think about it,
"Debra" feels kind of weird
in your mouth, huh?
"Deb... bra."
- [Dexter cackles]
- Shit.
Didn't you see my note?
These are for
the volleyball team.
How many have you had?
Just four.
Wait, no. Six.
[chuckles]
Fuck, Dex.
These are pot brownies.
One would have been enough
for a good high,
but you've had six?
I-I didn't... I...
I just wanted a snack.
Why are you freaking out?
Haven't you had pot before?
No.
[laughs]
Well, I don't like
being out of control.
Well, this will be
good for you, then.
A chance to really go wild.
[laughs]
[Dexter] That's exactly
what I was afraid of.
Anyway, I've got to get ready.
- I've got plans with the girls.
- Wait, Deb, no.
N-N-No, don't go, I'm not...
What if I do something?
[laughs]
The only thing you'll
probably do is go to sleep.
Deb, please.
Could be fun
to see you all doped out.
What are you doing?
Catching up with my brother.
[Dexter laughing]
[Debra laughing]
[audience laughter over TV]
What's so funny?
Pizza.
It's a circle
made of triangles
packed in a square box.
[laughs]
[Deb]
Never thought about it that way.
- Oh, thank you.
- Dude.
You've had ten slices
and my crusts.
[laughs]
I've never had anything
this good before.
How come we never
hang like this?
For once it actually feels
like we're brother and sister.
- Mm. Totally.
- [chuckles]
We should talk more.
Totally.
- About what?
- [laughs]
Anything.
Like, how's it going
with you and Sofia?
Good. I don't know.
You don't know?
I was hoping, now that
we're both seeing people,
we could all go
on a double date.
[clears throat]
Double date.
Dubba-dubba-dubba date.
[laughs]
[Southern accent]
Dex and Deb do a dubba date.
Dexter, I'm trying to tell you
that I'm seeing someone.
His name is Gio,
and things are going well.
[regular voice]
Oh, cool.
- Does Dad know?
- Hell no.
Gio's kind of a bad boy.
But like a good bad boy.
- [chuckles]
- Harry would hate him,
and Mom...
[laughs]
[audience laughter]
[snickering]
Do you think Dad will want to do
anything tomorrow?
Do we have any more chocolate?
Dex, focus.
I am focused.
We never talk about Mom.
And tomorrow
it'll be one year since she...
I-I'm sorry, uh,
let's-let's talk Mom.
What do you miss most about her?
Whenever I was having a bad day
or couldn't settle down,
she'd do that thing to my hair
where she'd tuck it
behind my ear.
Oh, yeah. This?
That's the one.
It always calmed me down.
Do you think
she'd be proud of us?
Honestly?
I don't know.
- I pawned her pearl necklace.
- I'm a terrible person.
[coughs]
What?
You're the golden child.
You could shit in the grass
and Dad would call it
fertilizer.
I don't know.
I really messed
something up this time.
I'm not sure I can
come back from it.
What'd you do?
[scoffs] Come on,
it's not like you killed anyone.
[both chuckle]
What?
What if I did?
Kill someone.
Hypothetically?
[laughs]
You are so high.
[both laugh]
♪ gentle acoustic music ♪
♪
How can you eat all of that
after last night?
That was then,
this is breakfast.
I had fun.
I probably did, too.
[chuckles]
You said so many crazy things.
Like what?
You seriously don't remember?
About pizza shapes?
[laughs]
Oh, that. Yeah.
- Crazy.
- [Harry] What's crazy?
Nothing. Just recapping
our night of sibling bonding.
[Harry chuckles]
[Harry]
Well, we, uh...
Well, we all know
what day it is.
I wish I knew what to say.
Doris... Mom... she, uh...
...she was better
at this sort of stuff.
I know we miss her every day.
I see glimmers of her
when I look at the two of you.
Dex and I were talking yesterday
about doing something for her.
Maybe we could all stop by
her grave later?
Well, I've got
the Levi Reed trial.
I don't know when
that's gonna finish, but--
It's Mom.
No, of course, absolutely.
I'm gonna figure it out,
I just, uh...
Well, how about we meet
back here at the house at five?
Thanks, Dad, five is great.
Good?
[grunts softly]
[sighs] I'm late for school.
I'll see you both later.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Harry]
Put that on.
You're going to work today.
♪ whimsical music ♪
[gasps softly]
♪
- [TV playing indistinctly]
- Come on, pick it up.
Hi, boss. What did I miss?
What's the number one rule?
[Dexter]
Don't get caught.
- Uh...
- No talking during the races.
[sighs]
Sorry.
I get a little carried away.
But I think my boy Ginger Snap's
gonna take the whole thing.
And he better because I have
a lot of money riding on him.
[announcer] ...in the Hialeah
Park Everglades Handicap...
Oh. Mail.
♪ slow, quirky music ♪
Ah. Got one for you, Clark.
Looks like something official
from Robbery.
- Hey.
- Catch up with you later.
- Hey, what's up, Dad?
- You learn to fingerprint yet?
- Uh, Tanya showed me.
- Oh, good.
Come with me.
♪
[speaking inaudibly]
♪ slow, eerie music ♪
[Dexter] You want me
to fingerprint that guy?
[crying]
The guy who ran over Mad-Dog?
Well, you said
nobody saw you, right?
Right.
Good. Well, get to work.
Did you have
any other interactions
with Mr. Moretti
prior to this incident?
No. [shudders]
Not at all.
♪ tense, suspenseful music ♪
Hi.
I'm here to get
your fingerprints.
Am I being arrested right now?
These are just
elimination prints
because you touched the body.
Wait, was I not
supposed to do that?
- Uh, wait... [sighs]
- It's okay.
You're not being arrested.
Uh, we just need your prints
on file so we can rule you out.
Okay.
[Maria]
Was Mr. Moretti chasing anyone?
[Evan]
Uh, no.
[Maria]
Was anyone chasing him?
No.
Was there anyone else
on or near the road?
No.
[Dexter]
Guess I was off the hook.
I'm sorry for your troubles.
Is there anything that you can
remember about last night
that I should know?
[Evan] Like I said,
he just... [sniffles]
he ran in the middle
of the street.
[crying]
A second later, I hit him.
I, I-I-I could have...
I-I-I tried... I...
Can you remember anything
about his appearance?
His expression?
Are you kidding me?
That is all I see.
His face when he saw me.
The-the terror.
I'll never forget
the look on his face.
And what?
I'm just supposed
to go back to school?
Baseball practice? Parties?
Like nothing ever happened?
Like-like I didn't just
kill a man?
[crying]
I'm a murderer.
I'm a murderer. I...
[Dexter] A normal reaction
to killing someone.
And there I was, jealous
I wasn't the one who'd done it.
Look, you're not a murderer.
You're a human being.
Accidents are a fact of life.
[Evan continues crying]
[Maria]
Bad things happen,
but they don't have
to define you.
What matters most
is what you do next.
How you grow from this
is up to you.
[Dexter]
LaGuerta was right.
Our mistakes
don't have to define us.
If I wanted to kill again,
I'd need to learn from mine.
How'd Ginger Snap do?
Bad.
Had a terrible fall.
Broke his hind leg.
They're gonna have
to put him down.
They show that on TV?
No.
Right now they're just
sedating him. [sighs]
Why?
So he doesn't kick the vet
in the head.
Smart.
Ugh.
It's too painful. Can't watch.
[sighs] And not just because
I lost so much money.
Hey, what kind of drug could
sedate an animal that large?
Probably etorphine.
It's more powerful than morphine
to, like, the nth degree.
I learned that from a jockey
I used to ride.
Before Neil made
an honest woman of me.
How long will the horse be out?
[sighs]
I guess, like, four hours.
I mean, if they
weren't putting him down.
Great.
From a veterinary perspective.
Oh, shoot. I have to run.
My daughter
has a basketball game.
Like mother, like daughter.
[laughs]
She wishes.
Yeah. How long will you be gone?
[sighs]
Probably at least a few hours.
Do me a favor,
don't break anything.
♪ mysterious music ♪
♪
From the fingerprints,
we identified Levi Reed
as the most likely suspect.
But those were only
partial prints?
- Yes.
- So you never got
a full fingerprint match
for Mr. Reed, but you still
- decided to pursue a warrant?
- [Zhu] Objection.
- Leading the witness.
- [Torres] Sustained.
Please rephrase.
[Barnes]
Without a full match,
what made you decide to pursue
a warrant for Mr. Reed's arrest?
We considered other
physical evidence from the scene
as well as his
past criminal record.
Oh, so you profiled him?
We made a calculated decision
to pursue a warrant
based on evidence
from the scene,
so we moved quickly
to arrest him
because the risk
he might kill again.
With the court's permission,
I'd like to turn this over
to my associate
- Carol Shears.
- [Torres] Go ahead.
[Shears] Detective Morgan,
do you recognize this house?
[Harry]
I'll never forget it.
I found the Shapiro family
murdered in that house.
Did you see Mr. Reed
in that house as well?
No, I did not.
But you're certain Mr. Reed
was at this house
the night of the incident?
All the evidence
points to Mr. Reed being there
- at the time of the crime, yes.
- Hmm.
All the evidence?
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
[Shears] Detective Morgan, have
you ever seen this woman before?
- No.
- Are you sure?
Have you ever seen
this woman before, Detective?
[sighs]
Fuck you!
Yes. Yes, I have.
[Shears] And have you ever
spoken with her?
Yes, but...
Under what circumstances?
[scoffs]
She was, uh... [scoffs]
She was trying to alibi
the defendant.
[Shears] An alibi you purposely
omitted from discovery
because it didn't fit
your narrative.
She was totally stoned,
obviously lying.
She didn't look anything
like the person
- you paraded in here today.
- Mm-hmm.
And you independently made that
assessment yourself? Tell me,
Detective Morgan,
are you a psychiatrist, too?
Objection.
Overruled.
She couldn't put
two words together. I...
She didn't know what day
of the week it was.
- Yes or no, Detective Morgan.
- [sighs]
Yes.
[Shears]
Your Honor,
willfully disregarding
a good-faith alibi
constitutes
suppression of evidence.
I move that this case
be dismissed.
Damn it, Frank.
That man killed eight people,
including two children.
[Torres]
That man is entitled
to a fair trial
with all evidence admitted.
You should know better,
Detective.
Mr. Reed.
On behalf of the people
of the State of Florida,
I must apologize to you.
[sighs]
Case dismissed.
You're free to go.
- Yes.
- [gavel bangs]
Yes.
[gallery murmuring]
- Babe.
- [both chuckling]
You should take the rest
of the afternoon off
until I figure out
what to do next.
About?
You.
[Bobby sighs]
- [Harry sighs]
- How could you have known?
It's my job to know.
[laughing]
- [fanfare playing]
- [announcer] Welcome to
the third race of the day
at Hialeah Park.
Once again,
we're ready for the start.
- And... they're off!
- [bell rings]
♪ inquisitive music ♪
♪
[horse neighs]
[horses whinnying]
Want to stretch
your legs, buddy?
[neighs]
Aw, shit, Marge. A little help?
[veterinarian]
Dagnab it.
[trainer]
Whoa. Hey, get back here.
[horse neighs]
♪ percussive,
suspenseful music ♪
♪
[Dexter]
Pot didn't do it for me.
This was my drug of choice.
[horse snorts]
[horse neighs]
[trainer]
Thank you, Doctor.
[veterinarian]
Tell the stable boy to watch
for loose latches.
[horse neighs]
♪ somber music ♪
♪
[sighs]
Fuck it.
[horse neighs]
[Dexter] I asked myself,
"How do you calm a beast?"
Harry had been trying
with me for years,
and I was anything but calmed.
♪ percussive,
suspenseful music ♪
[horse breathing sharply]
[snorts softly]
Sometimes we're not as scary
as we look.
♪ soft, contemplative music ♪
Sometimes the opposite is true.
[veterinarian] Ma'am,
I'm not hanging up this phone
until you reverse this charge.
Yes, I'll hold.
I have nothing but time.
[sighs]
Sorry, Deb.
Gonna be a while.
♪
Thanks for coming to get me.
Want me to come with you?
I'm all right.
Oh, one more thing.
They're for your mom.
I'll be right here.
[Deb]
Hi, Mom.
I'm wearing the pink dress
you got me.
[laughs]
Do I look like
one of the Von Trapp kids?
God, I hated this dress.
You thought it was perfect
for Grandma's birthday dinner.
I freaked.
So worried someone
from school would see me.
[laughs]
[hyperventilating]
I... I know I wasn't
always the easiest kid.
Just ask the fucking swear jar.
But now that you're gone...
[crying]
I miss you so much.
I feel lost.
I'm such an outsider
with Dad and Dex.
They don't even see me.
I could really use someone
to help me figure my shit out.
Or at least someone to listen.
[exhales]
Maybe it's time I stop waiting
for Dad and Dex to change.
[sniffles]
[exhales]
♪ gentle, contemplative music ♪
♪
I'll keep you posted.
[sighs]
[elevator bell chimes]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ slow, atmospheric music ♪
♪
¿Todo bien?
Hey, did my Dad leave already?
Was he looking for me?
I have no idea.
Harry never came back
to the station
after what happened
at the trial.
What happened?
You haven't heard?
Your dad bungled an alibi.
The whole case was thrown out.
- So Levi Reed--
- Is a free man.
♪ slow, dramatic music ♪
I, uh...
I have to go.
♪
[exhales sharply]
♪ somber music ♪
♪
[Harry]
Hey, Dex.
What are you doing awake?
Who's this guy?
You.
[chuckles]
That's me?
That's really nice.
You know, it's late,
I should, uh,
I should get you back to bed.
[grunts softly]
[makes whooshing sound]
[sputters]
Giraffe guy for you.
- Okay. Night night.
- Night night.
[Harry]
Night.
[insects chirping]
Dexter's not the first kid
you've put to bed, is he?
[sighs, scoffs]
Do you want to talk about it?
[laughs softly] You know
the sordid details of my life.
Happy to share the load.
[Harry exhales]
I had a son...
♪ slow, haunting music ♪
♪
...who was, uh,
almost Dexter's age.
Harry, I'm so sorry.
It was my fault.
[sighs]
[door opens]
[keys clatter]
You're back.
Hey.
[chuckles]
I was working late, um...
What are you doing up?
Waiting for my husband.
[both laugh]
Well, you didn't
have to do that.
Well, I thought
we could celebrate.
[chuckles]
Celebrate?
Did I forget something?
I'm pregnant.
[laughs]
But we barely...
- W-We haven't even been trying.
- I know.
It's a miracle.
I've been feeling nauseous
and-and tired all week,
and so Camilla drove me
to the doctors and...
[exhales]
[laughs]
Well?
What do you think?
[exhales]
Oh.
- [chuckles]
- Yeah?
I think it's wonderful.
[Doris laughing]
It's wonderful.
[crying]
[sighing]
[Eva Rivera's "Idilios" playing]
[woman singing in Spanish]
[Deb]
How do you know this spot?
[Gio]
I used to go sailing
right off that point.
You should bring me sometime.
My dad has a yacht.
You'd like that better.
You know you don't have
to impress me all the time?
It's you I like,
not some dumb boat.
Hey. It's a really
big dumb boat.
[both laugh]
[thunder rumbling]
Sorry.
You okay?
Do you not want to?
Because we don't have to do
anything you don't want.
No, I... I do, I just...
it's been a hard day.
It's okay.
We can go as slow as you need.
♪ "Last Chance"
by John Mellencamp ♪
♪
♪ A cold day in December ♪
♪ I'm still here alone... ♪
- One more.
- [Spencer] Okay.
Excuse me,
can I get two, please?
♪ But I've no place to go... ♪
Oh.
I assume you're not here
at our old haunt
to reminisce about
the good old days.
What happened with Levi Reed
this morning
was a major fuckup,
and the mayor needs
someone held responsible.
Thank you.
Let me save you the trouble.
I know you.
I know your record,
I know you're not negligent,
and you're the best detective
I've got.
And I made sure
the mayor knew that, too.
I saved your job.
But there will still
be consequences.
You're off
the Jimmy Powell case.
It's too high-profile,
and with what happened today--
I'm too high-profile.
[Spencer]
You're gonna be working
the bottom of the Homicide list
with LaGuerta
until this cools down.
You know, this is where
you throw me a fucking parade
for saving your ass.
Or you say thank you.
Or at least look happy about it.
I can't.
Not while Levi Reed
is still out there.
Well, I get that.
[exhales sharply]
That was hard.
But there's nothing
we can do about it now.
Sometimes the bad guys,
they slip through the cracks.
Mm. I don't like
being the crack.
Never let it happen again.
- Hey, Aaron.
- Yeah.
Thank you.
[waitress]
The check?
Another Scotch.
Make it a double.
♪ Nor hurt inside ♪
♪ I only have myself to blame ♪
♪ If I see
that the world's passed me by ♪
♪ intriguing music ♪
♪
- [rock music playing]
- [festive chatter]
- ♪
- [dialogue inaudible]
[Dexter]
Harry was a moral man.
But when a child killer
went free
because of his own mistakes,
his morality
could be pushed aside...
when he thought
no one was looking.
♪ dark music ♪
♪
Whoops.
[grunting weakly]
[muffled exclaiming]
Try to get free.
[muffled shout]
[grunting]
See? You can't.
[pants, grunts]
Sorry.
Get me the fuck out of here!
[panting, grunting]
Dex, this isn't funny.
Where are my fucking clothes?
See, I told you, the wrap
sticks better to bare skin.
[grunts]
Fuck.
What about Deb?
Sh-She's gonna be home
any second.
Nope, she won't.
I'm thinking through
all the possibilities now.
- [Harry grunts]
- Like you said.
Guess you didn't read her note.
[panting]
[Harry grunts]
Dad, you were right.
I made a mistake with Mad-Dog.
But we all make mistakes.
You made a mistake in court.
[exhales heavily]
And you were about to make
an even bigger one tonight.
I followed you to the bar.
I wanted to see where
you were going.
To show you how careful
I could be.
How I'd never get caught.
But when you stumbled out
with this...
crazed look in your eye,
I had to see
where you were going.
Levi Reed's house?
What were you thinking?
[grunts, pants]
What would you have done
if I wasn't there?
[Dexter sighs]
Bad things happen,
but they don't
have to define us.
What matters most
is what we do next.
And I learned from my mistake.
No more perps waking up early.
One milligram of this can knock
a racehorse out for hours.
That could've killed me.
I calculated the dosage
for your weight
and body fat composition.
Even made sure
there was no interaction
with your heart medication.
No more shrapnel.
Okay, you've made your point.
Get me out of here.
[grunts, strains]
[draws knife]
Dad, you can't
stop this anymore.
- [fearful grunt]
- [slicing plastic]
[panting]
I've been thinking a lot
about Mom today, too.
She always saw
the best in people.
But she didn't know me
like you did.
And you didn't try to change me.
You trained me.
Dad, you shouldn't
have been the one
going after Levi Reed tonight.
That's what you made me for.
Let me be me.
♪ quiet, heartfelt music ♪
♪
Smelling salts.
So you don't
have to wait as long,
when you get Levi Reed.
We already have the proof.
Take him out.
And clean this up.
[Dexter] My dad and I had
been talking for five minutes.
And all I heard was three words:
"Take him out."
♪ gentle acoustic music ♪
♪
- How are you feeling?
- [chuckles]
Fucking great.
[soft laughter]
♪
[contented sigh]
♪ solemn music ♪
♪
One time when I was 13,
I heard you talking to Dad.
You were worried
that something was...
off about me.
You begged him to get me
psychologically tested.
I thought you were trying
to get rid of me.
But now I know.
You were trying to help me.
Deb asked me what I
missed most about you.
I couldn't tell her the truth.
I miss someone looking at me
and seeing a chance at goodness.
Even if it wasn't there.
Dad saw something different.
That I could never be good.
But maybe I could still do good.
I hope he's right.
And that it's enough
to make you proud.
'Cause there's no going back.
[inhales deeply]
Bye, Mom.
♪ distorted, dramatic music ♪
♪